git-imerge: update for the latest version (#8118)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/git-imerge.md

# git-imerge

> Performs incremental merge or rebase between two Git branches.

> > Conflicts between are tracked down to pairs of individual commits, to simplify conflict resolution.

Author: I tried to remove "between branches", so that the phrase would read "Conflicts are tracked down to pairs of individual commits, to simplify conflict resolution.". Just to save some bytes.

> More information: <https://github.com/mhagger/git-imerge>.

- Start imerge-based rebase (checkout the branch to be rebased, first):

`git-imerge rebase {{branch_to_rebase_onto}}`

- Start imerge-based merge (checkout the branch to merge into, first):

`git-imerge merge {{branch_to_be_merged}}`

- Show ASCII diagram of in-progress merge or rebase:

`git-imerge diagram`

- Continue imerge operation after resolving conflicts (`git add` the conflicted files, first):

`git-imerge continue`

> - Finish merge or rebaes, after all conflicts are resolved:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Finish a merge or a rebase, after all conflicts are resolved:
```

`git-imerge finish`

- Abort imerge operation and clean up temporary commits:

> `git-imerge remove`

Reviewer 2: Hmm, I disagree with this change. The first part of the sentence ("Abort imerge operation") already refers to the cleaning up of the temporary commits. I don't think we need to specify that detail, especially since there's no mention of temporary commits before this.

Furthermore, I think it is better to keep the second part of the sentence and command, i.e. the extra step of returning to the original branch, as otherwise users would be left in a detached HEAD state. This is in fact [recommended in the tool's documentation](https://github.com/mhagger/git-imerge#suspendingresuming).

There are two issues for implementing a proper imerge-aborting subcommand (https://github.com/mhagger/git-imerge/issues/123 and https://github.com/mhagger/git-imerge/issues/189) but until then, this should not be presented stand-alone as if it were a fully supported operation of the git-imerge tool — it's more like plumbing.

Author: Maybe replace that with `git rebase --abort`? If I remember correctly, it returns to the original branch automatically.

There are some things I need to do before I can check and confirm the behavior.

Author: Well, I haven't used the `merge` capability, only `rebase`, and right now I don't have any PRs that need conflict resolution to test this. Looks like writing tests https://github.com/mhagger/git-imerge/tree/master/t would take a few hours, and I need them to complete other things.

Basically the testing plan.

1. start `rebase` on a `conflicting` branch
2. wait for terminal drop out for conflict resolution
3. use `remove` and see if `git` switched back to `conflicting`
4. check if temp branch is still there
<!-- -->
1. start `merge` on a `conflicting` branch
2. wait for terminal drop out for conflict resolution
3. use `remove` and see if `git` switched back to `conflicting`
4. check if temp branch is still there
<!-- -->
1. start `rebase` on a `conflicting` branch
2. wait for terminal drop out for conflict resolution
3. use `git rebase --abort` and see if `git` switched back to `conflicting`
4. check if temp branch is still there
<!-- -->
1. start `merge` on a `conflicting` branch
2. wait for terminal drop out for conflict resolution
3. use `git merge --abort` and see if `git` switched back to `conflicting`
4. check if temp branch is still there

Reviewer 2: Tests for imerge would be awesome! Alternatively, in case writing the tests proves too burnensome, @mhagger himself could confirm whether `git rebase --abort` is a viable alternative to manually `git checkout`ing (or `git switch`ing) to the previous branch.
